This Software is the property of Cavium, Inc. and/or its licensors and
constitutes the proprietary information of Cavium, Inc. and/or its
licensors. You agree to take reasonable steps to prevent the disclosure,
unauthorized use or unauthorized distribution of the Software to any
third party.

**License Grant.** Subject to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Cavium grants you a nonexclusive, non-transferable,
worldwide, fully-paid and royalty-free license to:

\(a) install, reproduce, and execute the executable version of the
Software solely for your internal use and only (a) on hardware
manufactured by Cavium, or (b) software of Cavium that simulates Cavium
hardware;

\(b) distribute the product you created in accordance with clause (a)
above, only in executable form and only if such distribution (i)
reproduces the copyright notice that can be found at the very end of
this Agreement and (ii) is pursuant to a binding license agreement that
contains terms no less restrictive and no less protective of Cavium than
this Agreement.

You will immediately notify Cavium if you become aware of any breach of
any such license agreement.

**Restrictions.** The rights granted to you in this Agreement are
subject to, and you agree you will comply

with, the following restrictions: (a) You will not license, sell, rent,
lease, transfer, assign, display, host, outsource, disclose or otherwise
commercially exploit or make the Software available to any third party;

\(b) you will not modify, create derivative works of, decompile,
disassemble, extract, or otherwise reverse

engineer any part of the Software; (c) you will not access or use the
Software in order to create similar or

competitive products, components, or services; and (d) except as
expressly stated herein, no part of the

Software may be copied (except for the making of a single archival
copy), reproduced, distributed,

republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or
by any means.

**Ownership.** You acknowledge and agree that, subject to the license
grant contained in this Agreement

and as between you and Cavium, Cavium, or its licensors, owns all copies
of and intellectual property rights to the Software, however made, and
retains all rights in and to the Software, including all intellectual
property rights therein. There are no implied licenses under this
Agreement, and any rights not expressly granted to your hereunder are
reserved by Cavium. You will not, at any time, contest anywhere in the
world Cavium’s ownership of the intellectual property rights in and to
the Software.

**Disclaimer of Warranties.** THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO YOU FREE OF
CHARGE, AND ON AN “AS-IS” BASIS. NEITHER CAVIUM NOR ITS LICENSORS
PROVIDE ANY TECHNICAL SUPPORT, WARRANTIES OR REMEDIES FOR THE SOFTWARE.
CAVIUM AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY
WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. NEITHER CAVIUM NOR ITS LICENSORS WARRANT THAT THE
SOFTWARE AND THE USE THEREOF WILL BE ERROR-FREE,THAT DEFECTS WILL BE
CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SOFTWARE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL
COMPONENTS. IF APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO
THE SOFTWARE, ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO THIRTY (30)
DAYS FROM THE DATE OF DOWNLOAD OR FIRST USE, WHICHEVER COMES FIRST.

**Limitation of Liability.** NEITHER CAVIUM NOR ITS LICENSORS SHALL BE
RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR TERMS OR CONDITIONS RELATED THERETO UNDER ANY CONTRACT,
NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY (A) FOR LOSS OR INACCURACY
OF DATA OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES OR
TECHNOLOGY, OR (B) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF REVENUES AND LOSS OF PROFITS.
CAVIUM’S AGGREGATE CUMULATIVE LIABILITY HEREUNDER SHALL NOT EXCEED THE
GREATER OF FIFTY U.S. DOLLARS (U.S.\$50.00) OR THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU
FOR THE SOFTWARE THAT CAUSED THE DAMAGE. CERTAIN STATES AND/OR
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE
EXCLUSIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

**Basis of Bargain.** The warranty disclaimer and limitation of
liability set forth above are fundamental

elements of the basis of the agreement between Cavium and you. Cavium
would not provide the Software without such limitations. The warranty
disclaimer and limitation of liability inure to the benefit of

Cavium and Cavium’s suppliers.

**Term and Termination.** This Agreement and the licenses granted
hereunder are effective on the date

you accept the terms of this Agreement, download the Software, or use
the Software, whichever comes

first, and shall continue unless this Agreement is terminated pursuant
to this section. This Agreement

immediately terminates in the event that you materially breach any of
the terms hereof. You may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or
without cause, by destroying any copies of the Software in

your possession. Upon termination, the license granted hereunder shall
terminate but the Sections titled

“Restrictions”, “Ownership”, “Disclaimer of Warranties”, “Limitation of
Liability”, “Basis of Bargain”, “Term

and Termination”, “Export”, and “Miscellaneous” will remain in effect.

**Export.** The Software and related technology are subject to U.S.
export control laws and may be subject

to export or import regulations in other countries. You agree to
strictly comply with all such laws and

regulations and acknowledges that you have the responsibility to obtain
authorization to export, re-export,

or import the Software and related technology, as may be required. You
will indemnify and hold Cavium

harmless from any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, fines,
penalties, costs and expenses

(including attorney’s fees) arising from or relating to any breach by
you of your obligations under this

section. Your obligations under this section shall survive the
expiration or termination of this Agreement.

**Miscellaneous.** Neither the rights nor the obligations arising under
this Agreement are assignable by

you, and any such attempted assignment or transfer shall be void and
without effect. This Agreement

shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of California without regard

to any conflicts of laws provisions that would require application of
the laws of another jurisdiction. Any

action under or relating to this Agreement shall be brought in the state
and federal courts located in California, with venue in the courts
located in Santa Clara County and each party hereby submits to the

personal jurisdiction of such courts; provided, however, that nothing
herein will operate to prohibit or restrict Cavium from filing for and
obtaining injunctive relief from any court of competent jurisdiction.
The

United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods shall not apply to this Agreement. In the event that any provision
of this Agreement is found to be contrary to law, then such

provision shall be construed as nearly as possible to reflect the
intention of the parties, with the other

provisions remaining in full force and effect. Any notice to you may be
provided by email. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous,
agreements, understandings and communications between the parties,
whether written or oral, pertaining to the subject matter hereof. Any
modifications of this Agreement must be in writing and agreed to by both
parties.

Copyright © 2016 Broadcom.  All Rights Reserved.  The term “Broadcom”
refers to Broadcom Limited and/or its subsidiaries.
